
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->

From: Bob Smith <R.J.Smith@kent.ac.uk> Date: Wednesday, 18 June 2025 at
9:12 pm To: Anthony Richardson <ajr@maths.uq.edu.au> Subject: RE:
MinPatch

Hi Anthony,

It was really nice to see you too and please find the code attached in a
zip file, as well as the article that describes the background and the
CLUZ guide that describes the files used in Appendix 1. As I mentioned
yesterday, I’ve embedded MinPatch into CLUZ, my QGIS plug-in, and I’m
afraid it’s not straightforward to run it outside of CLUZ, as the
current code is designed to run from a GUI within CLUZ that lets the
user set the parameters and then run the scripts. So, if you are
interested in taking this further, I’d be very happy to provide advice
on getting it to work as a standalone set of scripts.

To my shame, the latest version isn’t on GitHub, so I’ve put the
relevant files from the plug-in in the zip file. There are four main
files consisting of about 2,000 lines of code (all of which begin with
“cluz_mp”), plus three files (cluz_messages.py, cluz_functions5.py,
cluz_display.py) that contain some functions used by the MinPatch files
(although those three files probably use functions in other files – I
haven’t traced it back, but all the files can be accessed by downloading
CLUZ in QGIS).

For the paper I alluded to, your guess is right, as we sent the revised
version to Nature a couple of weeks ago. If the reviewers are happy with
the new sensitivity analyses, which I wouldn’t bet a large amount of
money on, then I’ll share a copy once it’s accepted. We didn’t produce a
preprint but might consider it if it gets rejected.

Best wishes, Bob

ImageProfessor Bob Smith Director, Durrell Institute of Conservation and
Ecology Centre Lead, E3 Sharing Space for Nature School of Natural
Sciences University of Kent, Canterbury, Kent CT2 7NR, United Kingdom

Tel No: +44 (0)1227 823667
<https://www.kent.ac.uk/durrell-institute-conservation-ecology/people/557/smith-bob>
